Initial implementation (#1)
open-craft/multi-problem-xblock: README.md

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt

```

#### Install in development mode in tutor

> * Clone this repository somewhere locally, for example: `/path/to/multi-problem-xblock`.
> * Mount this directory in tutor using `tutor mounts add /path/to/multi-problem-xblock`
> * Run `tutor dev launch`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Clone this repository locally at `requirement` in  tutor root, which is `{TUTOR_ROOT}/env/build/openedx/requirements/`.
* `cd {TUTOR_ROOT}/env/build/openedx/requirements/`
* echo -e "-e ./mult-problem-xblock" > priavet.txt
* Mount this directory in tutor using `tutor mounts add /path/to/multi-problem-xblock`
* tutor images build openedx-dev
* Run `tutor dev launch`

```

Author: @farhaanbukhsh You don't need to do all these steps, mounting any xblock directory is automatically picked up and installed by tutor. I think it is based on regex on the directory name.

Reviewer: okay 👍🏾

### Enabling in Studio

> Go to `Settings -> Advanced` Settings and add `multi-problem` to `Advanced Module List`.

Reviewer 2: Nit: This should be `multi_problem` not `multi-problem`.
